with john all welcome i am
zero bet nek 97
today we need to see how to download to
brothers allows us without any
problem therefore with with no bug
nothing dart works
perfectly everything perfect
ok to one thing we unload it guided the
link in description of the video here it is
this one here you take it here
copy we go to a torrent we do
ad cool
here instead we delete in koman vi
we paste ok if I don't do it for
here we are, here it is
always on the 6gb a poor the game ne
deserves credit, we are left with
this folder here in download
I do not know I know from here this is the first
what we find a very simple dmg file
here we open the disc here
we bring applications we bring you nothing
I did n't do it because I already have it
installed you see here will understand it and it is
finished we finished installing the
game works perfectly
so if you want you can delete it
august file here because it is no longer needed
nothing but I advise you to keep it
in case of problems but a game anyway
now I'll show you what I'm not
perfectly
Look for a moment there it is a little
slow to start because only this one
here that the first time I turn it on
here it is 13
for mac look beautiful it works
very well that I saw that it works
okay because overturned this tip of
all the next hello